[Music]
it's so funny we are so used to the
stuff around our house that we don't
even think how it all works
why are the electrical wires colored the
way they are how does a microwave work
can I make a better copy of my sister
with a 3d printer well maybe not that
one stay with me now to learn a lot of
interesting and quirky things about your
house 1 why does the printer release hot
sheets a conventional laser printer uses
toner a colored powder when you print an
image this toner is sprayed onto the
paper but to fix it on the sheet the
powder receives an electric charge with
heat the toner melts and is finally
fixed on paper so you get a clear image
and a warm sheet - what's the water
dripping from the a/c have you noticed
how in the streets water is dripping
from many air conditioners this is
condensation not to be confused with
condescension where you feel disdain for
the air conditioner when the a/c cools
the warm air moisture forms which
accumulates and gradually flows out take
a bottle of coke from the fridge you'll
immediately see how drops form on the
outside of it this is condensation 2/3
the fridge
also known as the refrigerator icebox
the cold place many have heard that a
fridge filled with food consumes less
electricity sadly this is a myth the
energy consumption is the same no matter
if it's stuffed or not and on average
the fridge consumes about 12% of the
electricity bill me I just like to
consume less of the food in it 4 how
does a microwave work microwaves are
something like radio waves only shorter
and more energetic you put a sandwich in
the microwave waves penetrate the dish
and force the sandwich molecules to move
faster crashing into each other when
molecules move fast the food gets hot
but microwaves only penetrate a couple
of inches and do it unevenly around the
dish that's why your sandwich can be
partly cold and partly scalding hot but
microwaves are not only helpful they
interfere with the operation of
crow circuits it is they can sometimes
ruin phone CDs and even turn off the
lights
neither of these waves are good for
humans but fear not all microwave ovens
are equipped with a sealed iron case
besides microwaves quickly dissolve in
the atmosphere now there's a myth that a
microwave makes food a little
radioactive and that's not true
scientists say that warming food this
way is absolutely safe radioactivity
means splitting its atoms and microwaves
only set the molecules in motion 5 what
do the lights on a Wi-Fi router mean
well there are a lot of router models
but most of them have 8 lights on the
casing knowing what they mean will help
you solve the problem faster if there's
no internet PWR or power everything is
clear here a light indicates whether
your router is connected to the
electrical outlet and receiving power
this often indicate by a gear icon is a
system indicator if it blinks everything
is in order if it is constantly on then
it means an error in your system WLAN is
our favorite Wi-Fi icon if it blinks it
means the wireless network is working
fine and you can continue watching
YouTube land these are four identical
icons most likely they will never bother
you they're only on if several more
computers are connected to your router
via a cable LAN or W AM the internet
icon it shows that you are connected to
the global network and must always be on
6 QWERTY now why are keyboards
queer defied what stopped them from
arranging the letters in alphabetical
order
I've got no exact answer to this but
there is a funny theory the QWERTY
layout is said to have been invented
specifically to slow down the pruning
speed at the time of the first
mechanical typewriters metal keys were
arranged alphabetically and people
sometime types so fast that the keys
jammed with one another if you tried
typing something on a typewriter of the
time you wouldn't be able to press two
keys almost simultaneously small
metal levers that print characters would
collide with each other and get stuck
you'd have to enter up the work and
disconnect the levers it was believed
that with the QWERTY layout people
wouldn't be able to quickly type since
they would search for the desired letter
and there'd be less damage to a
typewriter and more efficiency at work
seven wire colors the wires in your
home's power box are marked in different
colors to make an electricians work
faster safer and more convenient pay
attention though please do not try to
study the wires yourself it can't be
dangerous I'll just show them to you
from the bright side of life if you
don't mind that way you can't
accidentally make your life way brighter
if you know what I mean in each country
the wire markings are different but this
is what they mean in the u.s. black
indicates a hot or live wire that's
carrying a current and brings power to
all circuits these wires feed an outlet
or switch and are often used as switch
legs red is the second hot wire for
large appliances such as a stove clothes
dryer or air conditioner it can also be
the interconnecting electric wire
between two hardwired smoke detectors
blue and yellow are hot wires too they
maintain common plug in electrical
devices such as fans or lights white or
grey indicate a neutral wire needed for
safe work with electrical devices if the
electrical wire is damaged the casing of
the appliance could become charged
protective grounding of white or gray
wires is designed to protect you from
electric shock in such cases so
grounding is the connection of the metal
casing of the device stove or
refrigerator with the ground more
precisely with a wire having a
connection to the ground if such a
connection exists the charge on the case
flows to the ground green green with a
yellow stripe or bare copper work in a
similar way these are ground wires that
keep you your appliances and your home
safe from electrical fires their purpose
is to provide a path for a circuits
electrical current if a device short
circuits or trips a breaker
without color marking it's difficult to
determine which wire is neutral and
which is hot if the wires are mixed up
and connected incorrectly well a
short-circuit and breakdown of the
device may occur oh by the way the
reason why little children are called
small fry has absolutely nothing to do
with a misuse of electricity just in
case you were wondering
number eight ready to assemble furniture
ever wondered why IKEA and other
furniture manufacturers deliver their
goods unassembled the point isn't only
in the convenience of transportation
it's also that the thing assembled with
your own hands would be of much more
value to you than if you just bought it
that was the finding of a group of
researchers from Harvard Duke and Tulane
universities who found that when a group
of subjects put in the effort to create
three different and fairly simple
objects IKEA storage boxes origami and
Lego models they place greater value on
them in many cases they even overvalued
the objects nine chairs on wheels and
now let's move back to the middle of the
19th century but not for long to the
moment when Charles Darwin worked hard
on his famous theory of evolution he
wasn't very happy to walk around his
room studying samples and papers so he
attached wheels to his chair decades
passed before chairs with wheels began
to be widely used then they were
equipped with comfortable backs and soft
swivel seats and that's how Charles
Darwin's seat evolved into the office
chair
number ten we all love bubble wrap
especially my dog but initially it was
to become a kind of wallpaper to
inventors from the USA
Alfred fielding and Mark Chavannes glued
to bath curtains together bubbles form
between the layers and it dawned on the
guys that such fashionable wallpapers
would be in demand Oh were they wrong
then they made a mistake again by
deciding to cover greenhouses with this
wrap for better heat preservation and
only on their third attempt the
enthusiasts were able to find the
perfect use for the film packaging of
various products and relieving stress
and speaking about stress number eleven
washing dishes I'm sure that many of you
loathed washing dishes now don't rush to
put the dirty stuff in the dishwasher
though researchers from Florida State
University found that washing dishes
relieve stress and improves mental
well-being the main thing is to do it
thoughtfully and focus all your
attention on it the smell of detergent
warm water and the tactile sensation of
plates all this reduces stress levels by
about 30 percent oh I'm so stressed hey
give me some dirty pots and pans hey if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]